Hey, good morning family. Praise the
Lord. Thank you for joining us again
today. So, Father, we just lift up the
body before you. Y'all take communion
with us. We're going to take communion.
We're going to pray a little bit here.
We thank you, Lord, that you said you
were wounded for our transgressions. You
were bruised for our iniquities. The
chastisement of our peace was upon you.
And with your stripes, Lord, we are
healed. And we lift up this body,
Father. And we thank you, Lord, that you
took it all on the cross for us: all
sickness, all disease, nothing shall by
any means hurt us. And we take this body
right now in the name of Jesus. And we
thank you, Father, for your healing
power that flows over us. So, Father, we
lift up the blood. And we thank you,
Lord, for the blood right now in the
name of Jesus. And we make much of the
blood today. And we thank you, Lord, for
the blood. We apply the blood in
Jesus'name.
And we thank you, Lord, that
the bloodline covers around our
house. Father, every
tongue that rises against us, we condemn
it. And we thank you, Lord, for the
blood, and that we're in the right place
at the right time, Father, doing exactly
what you've called us to do for such a
time as this. And Father, I thank you,
Lord, that whatever the devil meant for
bad, God, you're going to turn it around
for good and our favor, because we
are in the right place at the right time
doing exactly what you want us to do in
the name of Jesus. And we thank you,
Lord, for the blood that covers us.
Amen. And amen,
Lord.
Now, Lord, if there's anything you want
to show us about the future, what's
coming,
Lord, here we are. Send us,
Father. I thank you, Lord, we give
you glory and honor and praise, and we
thank you, Father. And as we pray in the
Spirit, we yield ourselves over with a
brand new tongue. And we thank you,
Lord, that Father, if you have
something to show us about what's
coming, you'll show us. And we'll not be
snared by any familiar spirit, demonic
spirit of any kind. There won't be any
kind of demonic spirit influence
in our visions or anything that you
show us, Father, because we are
led by the Spirit. For those who are
the sons of God are led by the Spirit of
God. And we believe that we are the sons
and the daughters of God. And we
believe we are led by the Spirit of God.
For those who are led by the Spirit of
God are the sons and the daughters of
God. We believe it.
Thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord. And
we praise you, God, right now in
Jesus'name.
Thank you, Jesus, right now in
Jesus'name
for all that you have
planned, all that's coming.
We call in the revival. We call in the
revival. We call in the revival
for
today,
because
today—don't
become familiar with the miracles
that you see. That's what the Lord's
saying.
And
there will be mockers, the
mockers
of
it.
I see a parting of the Red Sea
concerning your circumstances. I see the
waves splitting.
And there's many of you that
are just stepping out into the water of
your circumstance. And God is going to
part that sea in front of you. And
what would be impossible to cross
over will become possible over dry land.
God's moving your
sea out of your way. Do you
understand? I see a sea splitting in
front of many of you. Step out by
faith. And he's
moving that sea right now in the name of
Jesus.
And I see that sea splitting,
for
there are more of them
with us than there are with them.
There's more with us than there are with
them.
That's what it's going to be like for a
lot of you. It's going to be like a
parting of the Red Sea. It will be that
much of a change in your
circumstances, in your household. It
will be a parting of the Red Sea.
Now, I see people who are
morbidly obese—morbid, I'm talking
morbid. Like I'm heavy, but these people
are very morbid. And they say, 'I've
been this way my whole life. I've been
this way for so long. I'll never get to
go and be part of the revival. I can't
get around. I can't do this thing. My
body's falling apart because of this
obesity.'And
the Lord said he's
splitting this Red Sea
concerning
you,
supernatural help with your
weight and what you're doing. I
receive that for me, Lord. I receive
hormone balance. I receive healing over
my body. I receive it in the name of
Jesus. I see what you're doing, Father,
for these people. They're in
chairs, they're
very heavy,
they need a creative miracle in their
life because of the decisions they've
made.
God's parting your Red Sea. God's
parting your circumstances.
And as you
go,
I see the glory over Living Word again.
I see the glory over Living
Word—that
church.
I see the glory of the fountain.
It's a glory cloud.
I see a glory mist. I see a mist
in the midst of them. I see a mist in that
church—a
mist, a
mist of the glory. I see a mist around
the altar. I see a mist down the
aisles. I see a mist, a glorious
mist.
I see misty
mist,
but this is gold
dust. There'll be like—not flaky,
I'm not talking about flaky stuff,
man-made—I'm
talking about actual glory
dust
on the people,
glory dust.
There's been abuse in the past
concerning this, but there's a
brand new wave of this coming. The Lord
said there's a brand new wave
of glory dust. And then people say,
'Well, people got carried away
and tried to make things
up.'I'm
trying to tell you there's an
authentic move of God about to take
place in Living
Word—glory
dust. It's like gold
dust on the people's skin. It
looks
like glitter.
I'm telling you, I see it. I'm
talking signs and wonders.
Signs and wonders will follow them.
Now, I don't know why the Lord keeps
bringing up this church to me. I'm
like probably seven, eight hundred miles away from them
or more. But I'm telling you, there's
something going to start with this
place.
There's something going to start.
You all need to have expectation. If you
go to this church, have expectation, for I'm
talking—I'm
seeing
rays of light. I'm seeing rays of light
up in the atmosphere of this place. I
see rays of light. These rays of light
of creative miracles.
If you do not squash
this,
don't kill it with the way you
think you should do it.
I'm talking people coming from
everywhere. It's like a
kickoff.
There was prayer, there was great prayer
there at another level, and it's not
there like it used to be, but the Lord's
bringing it back to where it was. Now,
I'm not just saying what I just saw,
but
the
Lord said, 'I'm bringing another level of
prayer, a greater level of prayer, a
stirring of a level of prayer in this
foundation of this church, of a greater
level of
prayer.'It
was there, but now I'm going
to stir it up again.
A level of prayer.
They have prayer, I'm sure, but I'm
telling you, there's a level of prayer,
a level. It's like a water level, a
table water level. And the Lord showed
me there's ankle-deep, there's
waist-deep,
and there's over the head.
Do you understand? And the Lord said
this level of prayer is coming
back
with new voices,
younger voices, younger impartation
in
these
voices.
There's younger—I see younger women,
impartation in the youth, impartation
in a new generation. I see a new
generation of prayer warriors rising up
where people say, 'I'm tired.'I'm tired.
I've
pushed hard all my life. But there's
coming
new legs. The Lord said, "I'm bringing
new legs. I'm bringing new, young
bodies.
We
must finish the job
with great victory. Finish the
job."And
the elders lean back and rest
and teach the younger.
It's not so much in the forefront, but
behind the scenes helping. Push, push,
push. You can do this. Cheerleader.
You see, I see elders pushing, pushing.
You can do this. Teaching, impartation.
The season of impartation. The Lord said
this is a season of impartation.
Passing on the torch. When you reach
over and you grab the torch and you keep
running, you don't stop in the stride.
An
Olympic runner doesn't stop; they're
running and they
pass the
baton and keep running. And that's
what I'm seeing in the spirit realm
right now, as the person is
barely looking over their
shoulder to grab a hold of the baton and
to keep running. We're out of time.
And I see a passing of the baton of a
new generation of prayer warriors coming
forth, of younger legs.
And now I'm seeing Paris, France
for some reason.
I don't know what this is involved with,
but a new wave
of the glory in Paris, France praying
it
forth through this in Paris, France.
I see a group of people,
and there
are
some men there, but
there's mainly women. And I see prayer
groups in Europe, in France,
and it's almost like they're
connected to this living word somehow.
I don't know, I'm just saying there's
something to this. There's prayers here,
these prayer warriors in both places,
and they will bring forth revival in
both
places—France,
Minnesota.
That's what I'm seeing. But
this group of prayer intercessors,
there's a couple of elders in there, but
they're younger. They're young; I would
say they're in their 20s, 30s, and there
are
some elders. Do you understand?
I don't know, I try to give you all
the
details of what I'm seeing so it makes
sense to you what I'm
praying right now.
It's impartation. The Lord's telling me
there's a
parting of things fixing to take place.
I see the glory cloud. Now, I do not
know much about this church. I'm just
telling you, I watched Sister Lynn and
her old videos, but I do not know what
goes on in this church right now. I
don't know, I'm just telling y'all. But
I'm telling you, because I don't
know—I
believe they're a good church, but I'm
just saying what I see is the glory
cloud, a mist,
and
gold dust on people. And there's
something going to cultivate out of this
area,
a cultivation
that will spread even into Europe.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for what
you're showing me.
I see it again—an impartation of
what was in this one into this one.
Spreading it,
catching the fire inside, catching it.
A new enthusiasm.
It's like the wave is trying to bring back—and I'm
going to say it like this: I see the
wave that's trying to bring back, and it
looks like the church is drying up
in some ways, and the wave is coming
back, but it's getting ready for another
wave.
Do you understand? This is what I hear
the spirit of the Lord say. It looks
like there's a drawing back, almost like
a drying up of the people coming to this
church,
a receding like a wave.
But
I hear the word of
the Lord say, 'There's another
wave.'As
the wave is pulling back from what was,
there's another wave. 'I'm not done with
this place. I'm not done with this
place,'the
Lord said. 'There's
too much foundation. There's too much
richness here,
and what looks like it's drying up will
soon become another wave. But this
wave,'the
spirit of the Lord says, 'this wave
will be even greater than anything
that's ever been here before.
For this is the foundation. The
foundation that was laid will be for
what's about to come through the
door.
A great tsunami wave of the glory
of God is about to hit this
place.'And
you say, 'Well, it
seems like it's drying up.'No, that's
the wave receding and getting ready for
the next one. You see the wave? It
seems
like it's drying up. Well, it's
not like what it used to be. The Lord
said, 'You say, "Well, it's not like what
it used to be,"but that
was the wave then, and I'm going to do
another wave.'And the wave is pulling
back, and I'm about to create another
greater wave over this church. The Lord
says, 'Go!
New revelation, new manifestation
of the
word over the pastoral staff.
A place of refuge, a place of
refreshing, a place of my
glory.'I
see the building is on fire with the
glory of God, the glory of God
on their worship—a new level of
worship,
a divinely orchestrated worship.
This will spread all over this state.
There's a reason why the Lord brings
this up to us today.
It's about Minnesota.
Do you understand? The Lord
said it's about Minnesota. 'The greater
the blue, the greater the
harvest.'Remember
what He says right now: 'The
greater the blue over
Minneapolis, Minnesota. There will be a
great revival. There will be a great
manifestation of the glory that people
have turned their back on. They said, "Oh
well, it's over. It's done for."No, the
Lord is standing at the door. And the
greater the blue, the greater the
harvest.'And
as this place rises up in
Minnesota, a great move of God is
coming, and it will spread
like a tidal wave. But it will
not just be one way; it'll be always,
like when you drop a major stone in
the water, it will spread
always—a
ripple, a ripple, but a tsunami wave of
the fire and the glory. I see outreach.
I see outreach on these buses full
of people, and outreaches popping up. I
see
school buses full of people in a
community rising up,
going
into—as
they
come,
they will come. The Lord said, 'They will
come. They will come. They will come.'This
church
has such a rich heritage.
The soil is rich. I see soil
below the floor of
this church, and it's beautiful, like
rich soil. For
the harvest is plentiful and the
laborers
are few. Watch what happens. Watch this
soil. You're going to drop the...
Glory to God!
I see the sprouting
of this church. There are corn
plants,
and they're bringing forth all around
inside. And
this is what's interesting: it's inside
of the building. There
are cornstalks
coming up all inside of the
building. As I'm seeing right now in the
spirit realm, I see cornstalks coming up
all inside of the building. For the
seeds they laid in the past are going to
start to come to harvest at last. And
the Lord said a great manifestation of
the glory of the
seeds—the
prayer seeds
went dormant for a season. But the Lord
says, 'I'm bringing life on those seeds
again after the dormant season.
They were planted
for now. They weren't planted for then.
They sowed them then, and they're going
to reap them now.'The Lord said, 'And I
see the dirt. I see the dirt has
sprung
forth great fruit in the
name of Jesus coming out of this church,
and there will
be.'Oh
goodness, my baby. I see it.
Now
I see those plants springing forth, but
I see beautiful glistening water that's
reaching,
that is going throughout those plants.
And there's a living water
source. There's a living water source
that will not let these plants dry.
They'll not die. But they're
seeds that were planted in the past,
from decades ago.
They were planted in this ground of
prayer, cultivated in prayer. And I
see Lynn, she's young. I see her a lot
younger, planting, planting, planting,
planting. And there's a prayer group of
women, and they are planting, planting,
and they didn't see
the manifestations of
what they thought they would see for the
cultivation of prayer that they
sowed. But I'm telling you, they weren't
planting
for then. The Lord said they
were planting for the now and the seeds
they sowed. Even when Lucy was on the
earth, these manifestations of the
glory, they were sowing for the future,
and what they're going to reap now and in
the future. Some of these sowers
have gone
home.
The Lord says, but they're reaping
their reward in heaven. They're reaping
their reward. But the
seeds of these elders that have
prayed and they've gone home, I see
these seeds they planted. There's a
whole field of seeds, but it's inside
the church, and it was through prayers.
And the glory from
the past will hold nothing
compared to what's about to
take place
because of the seeds they
sowed.
This is what I see.
And folks, I do not know why the Lord
just had me on this road right now. It
doesn't
matter; I just flow with Him.
I
just want you to link up with me
and help me. I'm telling you what the
Lord says about this church.
They're seeds. Do you understand? And I
see them; they
sowed them, and now they're
going to reap them. And this is going to
be with a lot of you.
The Lord said, 'This is not just for
them, this will be for a lot of you.
You sowed in tears and you're going to
reap in
joy.'There's
many of you that sowed in
ministry in tears throughout your
ministries all throughout America. I see
South America right now. I see churches
in South America. You sowed
in tears over the decades, but you're
about to reap your harvest in joy.
There's a springing forth of old seeds
that you thought had been forgotten. But
I'm telling you, the seeds you sowed in
the past will come to harvest at last.
For the sower and the reaper are going
to go hand in hand, and the
manifestation of what you've been
standing for all these decades, for how
long, you're going to get your
manifestation. And this will be for the
sons and the daughters and the glorious
church that you've been
sowing
into, the
manifestation of the glory of God is
coming on this earth like ripe cherries
on a tree. Watch what God's going to do.
It's going to bring them to their
knees.
Glory to God! It's time to get excited.
I see the manifestation of the prayers.
The rain is coming, the former and the
latter rain together. Oh, can these
bones live? Ladies and gentlemen,
you've
got to speak to the dry bones, the
valley of the dry bones. Can these bones
live? And remember the vision He showed
us. The dam broke and the water flowed
through the valley and the glory of the
Lord brought them all back. The
lukewarm
and the spiritually dead are coming back
to life. Can these bones live? The Lord
wants you to know they can.
The seeds they sowed, babe. The seeds they
sowed.
And I see so many prayer generals
that didn't get to see the
manifestation—the
Rachel Teafatiller, the
people who sowed in
Collinsville, our church, they sowed and
sowed and sowed, they sowed and
sowed,
they sowed and they believed for the
manifestation and they didn't see it.
They went home,
but they did not sow in vain.
They didn't sow in vain, for the harvest
is plentiful. And I'm telling you, the
glory that they sowed, the tears they
sowed
in prayer, they're about to see it
be reaped in heaven. The great cloud of
witnesses, they're going to watch this. I
see it
like Azusa Street. I
see Azusa Street and
it will go coast to coast around the
world. Azusa Street will be around the
world
for a great reawakening, a great revival.
A great revival is coming.
Get ready for the
harvest.
You got discouraged and you got
weary in well-doing. But I'm telling you,
as the waves seen over the last
several years, the water seemed to be
even pulling back, even since COVID, the
congregation seemed to be drying up.
Where is everybody going? Where did
everybody go? The water came back. But
I'm telling you, the Spirit of the Lord
said, 'A great new wave
over the congregation of people
is
about to come back. A shaking to awaken
coming.'That's
what the Lord said. He's
about to shake this earth,
and people are going
to come, and it will be
a
Holy Ghost
Woodstock. Oh, glory to God!
And in the fields and
out in the country,
I'm telling you, brush arbor churches,
people are hungry. The authentic is
about to become upfront.
For
I see people departing.
I see elders departing again,
some elders departing,
getting ready to go home. I see specific
ones. Now, I'm not saying who—the
Lord doesn't
allow me to do this—but I see
people that are getting ready to go
home.
They've
finished their race,
they've
finished their course, they've fought the
good fight. And promotion is coming,
a passing of the
baton,
you understand?
They'll go and
they're going to get
promoted, and they'll cheer on the other
side.
There's going
to be a round of people going home
again,
I see this. But this is not judgment
in this area; this is people just
finishing their race.
You
need
to know that. I see people going home
again.
I
feel the presence of the Lord so strong,
I'm
just taking a break and just looking
at it all.
I see the next wave, a wave of the
glory hitting California.
People are abandoning California.
But I'm telling you, there's a wave of
glory coming to California. Yes,
there's a shaking. Yes, there's great
earthquakes. Yes, there's
Hollywood—I
see Hollywood being judged, I see the
porn industry being judged, I see
pedophilia rings being judged. But I'm
telling you, a great shaking, a drying
up of the filth that they
display. I'm talking about
filth, like a shriveling of these
industries.
Because
do you know in the Welsh revival that
the bars closed, but they had to
retrain the mules
because people didn't cuss anymore and
the mules
didn't understand how
to hear the miners? They
all got born again. So in the same
aspect, there's so much filth in
Hollywood that
those
industries are going to corrupt—the porn
industries are in trouble. I'm talking
about the glory of the Lord coming in
a way that we've not seen before, and
what was on people's taste buds before
is going to dry up.
That's what I'm hearing the Spirit of
the Lord say. I'm talking about where there was so
much perversion with sexual stuff,
you're going to see a glorious church
rise, and there'll be a window—I'm not
saying it's going to last forever—but a
window of opportunity
for a lot of people that are going to be
running in. They're going to be
worshiping the Lord in these big
coliseums.
I
see coliseums full of young people right
now. I see people turning their back on
this stuff as they run to the altar. And
there'll be a season of great revival.
I'm talking about
Azusa
streets everywhere.
Not just one place in
California, but many
Azusa
streets in Minnesota, Living Word,
Collinsville, Eagle Mountain,
Branson, and all
these places.
There'll be many; it'll be like
Azusa
streets.
He's going to pour out His Spirit, and it's
not
going to be just one place. It's
going to be multiple places,
and people are going to come from
everywhere to see these Holy Ghost
meetings. I'm telling you,
what I see today right now is amazing,
and I want you to get excited.
And the Lord said, "This is not about
America;
it's about a worldwide revival.
Expect it for your church in Asia.
Expect it for your church in South
America, all throughout Africa, all
throughout Europe, and all throughout the
Middle East. Expect Holy Ghost
Azusa
streets to take place all throughout the
world. My gospel
will be preached throughout the whole
world as a witness,
and then the end shall come."But I'm
telling you, the glory of God is coming
in a way that we have never seen
before. Expect it throughout Mexico.
Expect it throughout South America.
Expect it throughout Australia. The glory
of the Lord is moving on this earth
like we've never seen before.
Glory to God!
He says, "I have not
forgotten Asia. Brandon, I have not
forgotten Asia. I'm going to pour out my
Spirit upon the Asian communities
and
all throughout Africa."In the bush of Africa
and in India, I see them coming in
by the hundreds, if not thousands, if not
millions. I see fields full of people
in
India and Pakistan,
a whole
area full of revival,
fields full.
They cannot stop what's about to take
place.
There's no devil in hell that can stand
in the way.
The seeds that were sown are about to
spring forth, decades
of prayer. I'm talking,
I would say, clear back in the 1700s, even
when
the Pilgrims came here, prayer
to be one nation under God. They prayed
we would
have revival, that this would be a
land full of revival. There
are
prayers that God has; they still
go before the Lord's throne, and they
have
not been forgotten. He didn't say, "Well, I forgot about
those prayers."No, those prayers were
sown in tears, and we're about to see
the seeds that were sown. You're
about to see the reward, the great
fruit of them.
Prayers are like seeds.
The Lord said prayers are like seeds;
they don't die.
Seeds don't die;
seeds get planted.
And just because you didn't see the
manifestation of that seed grow in your
time doesn't mean that it never got
planted. A seed gets planted
in the ground, and that's what He's
showing me. Even now, the seeds are
getting planted. They got planted
through prayer, through
revival, and through what we are cultivating.
And then all of a sudden, when people thought
it
wouldn't
happen,
that Holy Ghost is going to hit the
water, and those seeds are going to
sprout
their plants. And that's what I
was seeing even in that church.
But this is what's happening worldwide.
Great seeds. Seeds don't die; they get
planted. And just because you didn't see
the manifestation when you thought you
would, don't give up on the seeds.
They didn't die before the Father's
throne.
Hallelujah!
Somebody better get excited in here.
I'm telling you, there is going to be
a
manifestation of the seeds we've
sown
in the past that are going to come to
harvest at last. And the glory of the
Lord is coming on another
mighty wave. The water seemed so
dry, and it's like, "What's going
on?"But
He said, "It seems the driest right now
because, get ready, the wave
is coming."It's
a receding,
even more since COVID—a receding, a
receding.
People stopped going to
church; they did online church
all over. It seemed like the church
really went stagnant, like,
"Where is the glory? What's going
on?"We're
just seeing the first drops of
a new rain, but
I'm telling you, it's a mighty
rushing wave, a wind, a rushing wave of
revival coming back and pouring out on the
people.
That's that wave that I saw on the edge
of heaven when I went to heaven with
Jesus. And I said, "Well, Lord,
what is that?"And He said, "That's the
last outpouring. It's at a breaking
point. Get
ready."And
now He's bringing it up again. Get
ready: a major wind, a major wave, a major—can
these
bones live, Brandon, like
you said, how many prayers ago?
Hallelujah!
Glory to God. Thank You, Father. Let's
just give Him praise right now. Father,
we just praise You. Thank You, Lord, for
what You're showing us tonight. Thank
You, Lord, for all the manifestations of
the glory. Thank You for Living Word.
Thank You for Collinsville. Thank You
for Branson. Thank You, Lord, for
Mobile, Alabama,
Atlanta, Tennessee, and
for what You're going to do out
in Las Vegas when I saw
the casinos on fire for God, and all
the things that are going to happen in
Hollywood. God, I thank You, Lord, that
this is just the beginning. Father,
I thank You, Lord. Thank You, Lord, that
this is coming now. Father, we'll start
to see the manifestations: first the
blade, then the ear, then the full
manifestation. Glory to God!
It's time to get excited. What seemed to
be a
stagnant season,
I'm telling you, you better
get ready. Your church better get ready.
Glory to God! Hallelujah! I'm excited.
That got me excited. I
don't even go up there;
maybe we'll visit. For sure, we'll
visit! When all that's going
on, I want to stay a
couple of weeks. I'll pack up and go there;
I want to see that. I know that the
Lord showed me Collinsville, too, Diana.
I'm telling you, there and Branson
and Eagle Mountain and all these other
places, you're going to see it.
Hallelujah!
Thank You, Lord.
Thank You, Lord, for what You show us.
Thank You, Lord, for what You're going
to do. Thank You, Lord, that
if You be lifted up, You said
You will draw all men unto You, Father, that
the people will come like
moths to a light.
Father, You've not forgotten
this generation.
Father, we'll see it even at
Andrew Wommack's Church. We'll see it at
Charis
Bible College. We're going to see
it throughout the whole world. God, we
are expecting a major move of the Spirit
of God like never before.
Thank You, Lord. I don't know, I saw
right then when I said that, I saw
Charis
Bible College.
I'm telling you, God's going to do
something major with Andrew Wommack in
that Charis
Bible College. I just saw it right
then in the spirit. I saw a glory
tidal wave hitting Charis Bible College.
And I'm telling you, God's going to do
something in Colorado Springs. God's
going to do—the bluer the blue, the
greater the harvest. Watch what He does.
A major move of God will come to
Charis
Bible College with Andrew Wommack's school.
We're there. God's just putting people
in position. Do you understand? He's
getting the people ready. The harvesters
are getting in position right now. We're
cultivating. We're on the potter's
wheel. It feels
like it's been such a long season even
for Diana and I
where we have been in that refiner's
fire. It feels like, and I told her
even the last couple of months, I said, "I
feel like I have been through a pressure
cooker,
but we're getting ready."God's getting
us ready. The harvesters are getting
ready,
and it's about to be something
amazing. I am so excited about
what I'm seeing tonight. Glory to God!
Hallelujah!
He's cleaning. He said, "Judgment begins
in my house first, Brandon. I told you
that. Cleaning of the house."There's a
cleaning of the house going on right
now, and you're going to see even more
in the days ahead. A cleaning of the
house. As it's
getting clean, you're going to see
the
new Davids, new Esthers, new
people rise up. He's
getting ready, and it's going to pass.
Watch what happens with
this. Glory to God. This has been
fun. I've enjoyed this prayer
time. I don't want to let it go. I'm
just like, 'Show me
some more, you know?'Hallelujah. When
the vision stopped, I was like, 'No, hold
on. Let's keep going in that.'That was
fun.
Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord,
for
what you have in store.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord, that you're going to do
it again. Thank you, Lord, for the wave
that seems to be fading back. Father,
you're going to pour out another tsunami
wave over our land. Glory to God, Lord.
Hallelujah.
Thank you, Lord. Use
us, Lord. Father, I thank you, Lord,
that we're people, vessels that
are ready and able to be used in the
end-time
outpouring. We will be those
vessels that are ready, willing, and
obedient, that will eat the good of the
land. Hallelujah. We'll be those people
that have our catcher's mitts, our nets.
We're not just boats
with
fishing poles; we have nets, and we're
catching them. We're catching the fish.
Hallelujah.
Thank you, Lord.
We're a fleet of
fishing boats. Thank you, Lord.
Thank
you, Father. Glory to God for
impartation. Thank you, Lord. We're
here. We're ready, Lord. Use us.
We want to be helping you, Father,
but we need the spark. We got it
on
another level. A spark, Father, so that
people will see the glory on us. Father,
I thank you, Lord,
for
a new wave, a new river, a new
wave of the presence of God, a new
foundation of the glory. Oh Lord, thank
you, Lord, for our elders that planted
those seeds. Thank you, Lord, for the
people who planted those seeds. They're
not even here anymore. Thank
you, Lord, for the people who sacrificed
in tears. Father, I thank you, Lord. We
don't forget them. We don't forget the
sacrifice. We thank you, Lord, for every
single prayer they prayed. I thank you,
Lord, that it was a seed before your
throne. Father, I thank you, Lord,
that it's time to reap. Father, the
seeds they sowed, we get the pleasure to
reap them. We get to see the fruit
of
those plants, but we get to be the ones
that reap
them. They may have
just planted, some
watered,
and some bring forth
increase. Remember that the Lord just
said that scripture. He said, 'Brandon,
some plant, some water, and some bring
forth the increase.'It's time to
bring forth the increase. You're the one
that's going to bring forth the
increase.
Bring it forth. Be
excited about it; I chose you to help bring
it forth. You didn't have to plant, you
didn't have to water it, you get to
bring forth the increase.
Glory to God. We got chosen for such a
time as this.
Thank you, Lord, for the planters. Thank
you for the waterers. And thank you, Lord,
that we're the harvesters. What a
generation we are! Glory to God. It's
time to get excited.
Shake off all that depression. Shake off
all that despair.
Yeah, the waters seem to be receding,
but get ready.
There's a great, mighty wave. A mighty
wave of his presence is about to hit
your church. It's time to be excited.
Start rejoicing over it. Hallelujah.
Glory to God. Well, I'm glad I showed up
today. Are you?
I'm glad I came to this prayer meeting
today. Thank you for praying with us.
Thank you for being here. I'm so
thankful that every single one of you
would take your time and pray with us.
It's exciting to see what God is going
to do, even for a church I don't even
belong to. Like I said, they're way up
north.
I've never been there before. But I'm
just saying the Lord told me to pray for
them,
and I'm going to pray. I'm obedient
to what he said to do. And I'm just like,
'Man, I get excited for them.'And I don't
even know these people. I don't
know them at all.
I've
seen
them before on YouTube, but
I don't know them. I've never been to
their church, never had anything to do
with them before, but they sound like
cool people.
I'm just like, 'Hey, let's get excited
about it.'I go to Collinsville. I
mean, you know, we're part of the
body
of the church praying at
Collinsville. We're praying tonight for
revival at our church, at Glory's
Church, but we're just praying and
we're believing. This shows what
we're sowing and helping them out
as we're praying for them. God's giving
it to us. Your
prayers—it's
not just praying for that, but
you're doing something bigger. Do you
understand? It's like we're
sowing.
We're praying for their church, but
we're believing God for our church.
Praying the Father's heart.
Yes, praying the Father's heart. There's
something about it, though. And I'm
telling you, I'm just excited about
it.
Look at what the Lord does with this
little YouTube channel. Isn't that fun?
That's fun. I say, 'Okay, Lord, here am
I. I don't get it, but I love you and
I'll do it.'I'm happy you all
showed up today. I guess that's what we
had, huh? Going to end it there.
It's wonderful.
Yeah, Jesus is wonderful. Brother
Hagin's
prayers. I could see all our
generals,
Jeannie Wilkerson, all of
them—they
prayed and prayed, but
they never saw the manifestation of what
we're about to see. Now, they saw some
cool stuff in the '80s, right? They saw
some revival in the '50s,
but you don't have a clue of what we're
about to see. They may have seen a tent
revival. They may have
been rebirthed out of Azusa Street, and
they saw some cool stuff in Azusa Street,
but there was one place; it wasn't
multiple. Then you had John G. Lake and
all the greats come out of
Azusa
Street, right? And you saw this, but what
God is about to do, ladies and gentlemen,
is bigger than Azusa Street.
Those seeds they sowed and saw
fruit from were nothing compared to the fruit
we're about to see.
You need to have your antenna of
expectation out there as I close today.
Have it out there expecting God to do
something big in your life. 'Well,
I've heard that before, brother.'No, I'm
telling you, you've not seen what you're
about to. Nobody has. OU is going to be
a hub for a major revival. Oh, I'm
telling you, this is going to be fun.
Remember he said, 'Brandon, this is
going to be days of fun.
The fun has just
begun.'Financial
outpouring, financial glory.
Watch what he does. And he said, 'The
fun has just begun.'And I'm like, I'm
excited. Let's do this. So,
if you're new here and you've never been
to one of our videos, welcome.
Please
subscribe. We're
believing for a million people to come
and pray with us. Subscribe, click the
notification bell, click the like
button, comment something nice down
below. Tell us if this video blessed you
today and stirred you up. We appreciate
you being here, and we'll do many
more. This is what we're called to do.
Remember,
we love you, we pray for you. Thank you
for helping us. Thank you for praying
for us. Thank you for being a part of
this YouTube community. And we always
close our broadcast by
saying this to put a smile on your face
and a song in your heart: Jesus loves
you so much, and we love you. God bless
you, and we'll see you again soon.
Bye-bye.